# OIBSIP

As a part of Oasis Infobyte internship programme I have completed two tasks in java.

1.Number Guessing Game
A simple Java project that allows the user to guess the number generated by the computer & involves the following steps:
-The system generates a random number from a given range, say 1 to 100.
-The user is prompted to enter their given number in a displayed dialogue box.
-The computer then tells if the entered number matches the guesses number or it is higher/lower than the generated number.
-The game continues under the user guessing the number.
Additional Details:
-Limits the number of attempts.
-Displays score.
-Give points based on the number of attempts left.

2.Online Reservation System
Online Reservation System includes the necessary fields which are required during online reservation system.
The basic idea behind this project is to save data in a central database which can be accessed by any authorize person to get information.
Modules-
---Login Form – To access this Online Reservation System, each user should have a valid login id and
   password. After providing the correct login id and password, users will able to access the main
   system.

---Reservation System – Under reservation form users will have to fill the necessary details such as
   their basic details, train number, train name will automatically come in the box, class type, date of
   journey, from (place) to destination and after that, users will have to press insert button.

---Cancellation Form – If passengers want to cancel their tickets then they have to provide their train number. 
   If users want to confirm their cancellation, in this case they have to press button.
